# TG Web App Pictures

TG Web App Pictures is an application that allows users to upload an image and ask a related question via a Telegram WebApp. The image and question are sent to a server, which forwards the image to OpenAI for description generation. The response is then returned to the Telegram user who requested it.

## Features

- Upload images via Telegram WebApp
- Ask questions related to the uploaded image
- Receive descriptions generated by OpenAI

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to set up and run the project locally.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm (v6 or later)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Radymyr/tg-web-app-pictures.git
   cd tg-web-app-pictures
   ```

2. Install the dependencies:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. Create a `.env` file based on the provided `.env.example` file:

   ```sh
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

4. Update the `.env` file with your configuration values.

### Running the Project

To run the project in development mode:

```sh
npm run dev
```

To build the project for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

To run the linter:

```sh
npm run lint
```

To preview the built project:

```sh
npm run preview
```

## Backend Setup

To ensure the correct operation of this application, you also need to install and set up the backend part. Here is the link to the backend repository:

[Backend Repository](https://github.com/Radymyr/tg-web-app-pictures-back)

## Live Demo

Check out the working version of the application deployed on a server:

[Working Version](https://t.me/describingPictures_bot)

## Project Structure

```
TG-WEB-APP-PICTURES
├── node_modules
├── public
├── src
│   ├── api
│   │   ├── client.ts
│   │   └── files.ts
│   ├── assets
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── ImageUpload
│   │   │   ├── ImageUpload.css
│   │   │   ├── ImageUpload.tsx
│   │   │   └── index.ts
│   │   ├── ResponseMessage
│   │   └── TextInput
│   ├── utils
│   ├── App.css
│   ├── App.tsx
│   ├── index.css
│   ├── main.tsx
│   ├── telegram-web-app.d.ts
│   └── vite-env.d.ts
├── .env
├── .eslintrc.cjs
├── .gitignore
├── index.html
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── README.md
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.node.json
└── vite.config.ts
```

## Environment Variables

The project uses the following environment variables:

- `VITE_BASE_URL`
- `VITE_ROUTE`

### Sample .env File

Create a `.env` file in the root directory of your project and add the following:

```env
VITE_BASE_URL=<your-base-url>
VITE_ROUTE=<your-route>
```

Replace `<your-base-url>` and `<your-route>` with your actual configuration values.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
